Have a look at this corner kick
Here's Patty hitting the ball straight into the penalty area.
Others rise high and throw out of the palace gate
Look at this corner goal.
Just type in
At the far end, that's the plan. Yeah.
header
Zidane
Personal second goal
Patty plugged in at high speed and has entered the restricted area
Score against Tafarel
The game on the field came at this time 3:0
Right
Boss boss
The boss collapsed
It collapsed, it collapsed
Fortunately, boss, you said not to go on the road today.
So no construction was caused.
How can I look so old?
Go go go go
Get me a car now
Go find him
Where is he?
Yes, go to Ye Weiyang to find Open Air Jiao
Open air
You must know where such a great god lives
Go go go go fast